# Chapter 5 - Basic V

:ice_cream:

* I. [Array](#1-array)
* II. [ArrayList](#2-arraylist)
* III. [Random Numbers](#3-random)
* IV. [Q & A](#4-qa)

<h2 id="1-array">I. Array</h2>

:bulb: To create an array, you have to declare a variable with an array type and then create the array itself.

**Finish all your Day 6 practices on Zybook and send screenshots to me so I can assess your level of knowledge** :smile: :pray:

<h2 id="2-arraylist">II. ArrayList</h2>

> TBD: This might be in your Objects and Classes.

<h2 id="3-random">III. Random Numbers</h2>

> Nondeterministic & Deterministic

:zap: This topic is part of Computer Theory, could be useful to talk about _Deterministic_ problem here.

:bulb: Deterministic: An algorithm or automation follows a single, well-defined sequence of steps for a given input. For those algorithms, they are predictable and produce the same input following the same path of execution.

:bulb: Nondeterministic: An algorithm or automation has multiple possible paths it can follow for a given input and starting state. [A good example of Nondeterministic problem in Machine Learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aut32pR5PQA)

Making a program nondeterministic turns out to be hard, that's because it's impossible for a computer to generate truly random numbers (Similar to human's brain, we can come up with a random number out of nowhere. But for computer, a random number can only be generated by a specific algorithm). But there are algorithms that generate unpredictable sequences called pseudorandom numbers. For most applications, they are as good as random.

Tips: Deep Learning belongs to Machine Learning, ML belongs to AI. So AI has the biggest range of all.

> Library

```
import java.util.Random;
```

> Method

```
Random random = new Random();
int a = 0;

a = random.nextInt(100);
```

`nextInt` takes an integer argument, `100`, and returns a random integer between `0` and `100-1` (**inclusive**).

<h2 id="4-qa">IV. Q & A</h2>

Q1: Waiting~

A1: Waiting for the Q1's Waiting~